# Code owners file.
# This file controls who is tagged for review for any given pull request.

# For syntax help see:
# https://help.github.com/en/github/creating-cloning-and-archiving-repositories/about-code-owners#codeowners-syntax

# The @googleapis/googleapis-auth is the default owner for changes in this repo
*                       @googleapis/yoshi-java @googleapis/googleapis-auth

# for handwritten libraries, keep codeowner_team in .repo-metadata.json as owner
**/*.java               @googleapis/googleapis-auth


# The java-samples-reviewers team is the default owner for samples changes
samples/**/*.java       @googleapis/java-samples-reviewers

# Generated snippets should not be owned by samples reviewers
samples/snippets/generated/       @googleapis/yoshi-java

# 3PI-related files and related base classes - joint ownership between googleapis-auth and aion-sdk
oauth2_http/java/com/google/auth/oauth2/ActingParty.java                      @googleapis/googleapis-auth @googleapis/aion-sdk
oauth2_http/java/com/google/auth/oauth2/AwsCredentials.java                   @googleapis/googleapis-auth @googleapis/aion-sdk
oauth2_http/java/com/google/auth/oauth2/AwsDates.java                         @googleapis/googleapis-auth @googleapis/aion-sdk
oauth2_http/java/com/google/auth/oauth2/AwsRequestSignature.java              @googleapis/googleapis-auth @googleapis/aion-sdk
oauth2_http/java/com/google/auth/oauth2/AwsRequestSigner.java                 @googleapis/googleapis-auth @googleapis/aion-sdk
oauth2_http/java/com/google/auth/oauth2/AwsSecurityCredentials.java           @googleapis/googleapis-auth @googleapis/aion-sdk
oauth2_http/java/com/google/auth/oauth2/CredentialAccessBoundary.java         @googleapis/googleapis-auth @googleapis/aion-sdk
oauth2_http/java/com/google/auth/oauth2/DefaultCredentialsProvider.java       @googleapis/googleapis-auth @googleapis/aion-sdk
oauth2_http/java/com/google/auth/oauth2/DownscopedCredentials.java            @googleapis/googleapis-auth @googleapis/aion-sdk
oauth2_http/java/com/google/auth/oauth2/EnvironmentProvider.java              @googleapis/googleapis-auth @googleapis/aion-sdk
oauth2_http/java/com/google/auth/oauth2/ExecutableHandler.java                @googleapis/googleapis-auth @googleapis/aion-sdk
oauth2_http/java/com/google/auth/oauth2/ExecutableResponse.java               @googleapis/googleapis-auth @googleapis/aion-sdk
oauth2_http/java/com/google/auth/oauth2/ExternalAccountCredentials.java       @googleapis/googleapis-auth @googleapis/aion-sdk
oauth2_http/java/com/google/auth/oauth2/GoogleCredentials.java                @googleapis/googleapis-auth @googleapis/aion-sdk
oauth2_http/java/com/google/auth/oauth2/IdentityPoolCredentials.java          @googleapis/googleapis-auth @googleapis/aion-sdk
oauth2_http/java/com/google/auth/oauth2/ImpersonatedCredentials.java          @googleapis/googleapis-auth @googleapis/aion-sdk
oauth2_http/java/com/google/auth/oauth2/OAuth2Credentials.java                @googleapis/googleapis-auth @googleapis/aion-sdk
oauth2_http/java/com/google/auth/oauth2/OAuth2CredentialsWithRefresh.java     @googleapis/googleapis-auth @googleapis/aion-sdk
oauth2_http/java/com/google/auth/oauth2/OAuthException.java                   @googleapis/googleapis-auth @googleapis/aion-sdk
oauth2_http/java/com/google/auth/oauth2/PluggableAuthCredentials.java         @googleapis/googleapis-auth @googleapis/aion-sdk
oauth2_http/java/com/google/auth/oauth2/PluggableAuthException.java           @googleapis/googleapis-auth @googleapis/aion-sdk
oauth2_http/java/com/google/auth/oauth2/PluggableAuthHandler.java             @googleapis/googleapis-auth @googleapis/aion-sdk
oauth2_http/java/com/google/auth/oauth2/StsRequestHandler.java                @googleapis/googleapis-auth @googleapis/aion-sdk
oauth2_http/java/com/google/auth/oauth2/StsTokenExchangeRequest.java          @googleapis/googleapis-auth @googleapis/aion-sdk
oauth2_http/java/com/google/auth/oauth2/StsTokenExchangeResponse.java         @googleapis/googleapis-auth @googleapis/aion-sdk
oauth2_http/java/com/google/auth/oauth2/SystemEnvironmentProvider.java        @googleapis/googleapis-auth @googleapis/aion-sdk
oauth2_http/javatests/com/google/auth/AwsCredentialsTest.java                           @googleapis/googleapis-auth @googleapis/aion-sdk
oauth2_http/javatests/com/google/auth/AwsRequestSignerTest.java                         @googleapis/googleapis-auth @googleapis/aion-sdk
oauth2_http/javatests/com/google/auth/CredentialAccessBoundaryTest.java                 @googleapis/googleapis-auth @googleapis/aion-sdk
oauth2_http/javatests/com/google/auth/DefaultCredentialsProviderTest.java               @googleapis/googleapis-auth @googleapis/aion-sdk
oauth2_http/javatests/com/google/auth/DownscopedCredentialsTest.java                    @googleapis/googleapis-auth @googleapis/aion-sdk
oauth2_http/javatests/com/google/auth/ExecutableResponseTest.java                       @googleapis/googleapis-auth @googleapis/aion-sdk
oauth2_http/javatests/com/google/auth/ExternalAccountCredentialsTest.java               @googleapis/googleapis-auth @googleapis/aion-sdk
oauth2_http/javatests/com/google/auth/ITDownscopingTest.java                            @googleapis/googleapis-auth @googleapis/aion-sdk
oauth2_http/javatests/com/google/auth/ITWorkloadIdentityFederationTest.java             @googleapis/googleapis-auth @googleapis/aion-sdk
oauth2_http/javatests/com/google/auth/IdentityPoolCredentialsTest.java                  @googleapis/googleapis-auth @googleapis/aion-sdk
oauth2_http/javatests/com/google/auth/ImpersonatedCredentialsTest.java                  @googleapis/googleapis-auth @googleapis/aion-sdk
oauth2_http/javatests/com/google/auth/MockExternalAccountCredentialsTransport.java      @googleapis/googleapis-auth @googleapis/aion-sdk
oauth2_http/javatests/com/google/auth/MockStsTransport.java                             @googleapis/googleapis-auth @googleapis/aion-sdk
oauth2_http/javatests/com/google/auth/OAuth2CredentialsTest.java                        @googleapis/googleapis-auth @googleapis/aion-sdk
oauth2_http/javatests/com/google/auth/OAuth2CredentialsWithRefreshTest.java             @googleapis/googleapis-auth @googleapis/aion-sdk
oauth2_http/javatests/com/google/auth/OAuthExceptionTest.java                           @googleapis/googleapis-auth @googleapis/aion-sdk
oauth2_http/javatests/com/google/auth/PluggableAuthCredentialsTest.java                 @googleapis/googleapis-auth @googleapis/aion-sdk
oauth2_http/javatests/com/google/auth/PluggableAuthExceptionTest.java                   @googleapis/googleapis-auth @googleapis/aion-sdk
oauth2_http/javatests/com/google/auth/PluggableAuthHandlerTest.java                     @googleapis/googleapis-auth @googleapis/aion-sdk
oauth2_http/javatests/com/google/auth/StsRequestHandlerTest.java                        @googleapis/googleapis-auth @googleapis/aion-sdk
oauth2_http/javatests/com/google/auth/TestEnvironmentProvider.java                      @googleapis/googleapis-auth @googleapis/aion-sdk
README.md                                                                               @googleapis/googleapis-auth @googleapis/aion-sdk